feat: add new route for Billing Product Component (#17)
PrestaShopCorp/module-lib-billing: README.md

# PrestaShop Billing Lib

> Utility package to retrieve SasS App module context and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Utility package to retrieve Built for PS context and more
```

Author: bien vu ;)
